.TH AIWG 1 "January 2026" "aiwg 2026.01.0" "AIWG Manual"
.SH NAME
aiwg \- Agentic AI Workflow Guide CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aiwg
[\fIcommand\fR]
[\fIoptions\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B aiwg
is a modular toolkit for AI-powered SDLC, marketing, and content workflows.
It provides specialized AI agents, workflow commands, and templates for
software development lifecycle management, marketing campaigns, and content
creation.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B use \fIframework\fR
Deploy a framework to the current project. Available frameworks: sdlc, marketing, all.
.TP
.B list
List installed frameworks and their status.
.TP
.B remove \fIid\fR
Remove an installed framework.
.TP
.B mcp serve
Start the MCP server for tool integration.
.TP
.B mcp install \fItarget\fR
Install MCP config for a target (claude, cursor).
.TP
.B mcp info
Display MCP server information.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-version, \-V
Display version information.
.TP
.B \-help, \-h
Display help information.
.TP
.B \-new \fIname\fR
Scaffold a new project with AIWG framework.
.TP
.B \-update
Update AIWG to the latest version.
.TP
.B \-status
Display health status of installed frameworks.
.TP
.B \-\-provider \fIprovider\fR
Target platform for deployment. Options: claude (default), warp, factory,
cursor, copilot, opencode, openai, windsurf.
.TP
.B \-\-force
Force overwrite existing files.
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Preview changes without writing files.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Deploy SDLC framework:
.B aiwg use sdlc
.TP
Deploy to Warp Terminal:
.B aiwg use sdlc --provider warp
.TP
Scaffold new project:
.B aiwg -new my-project
.TP
Check framework status:
.B aiwg -status
.SH FRAMEWORKS
.TP
.B sdlc
Complete software development lifecycle with agents for requirements,
architecture, testing, security, and deployment.
.TP
.B marketing
Full marketing campaign management from strategy to analytics.
.TP
.B all
Deploy all available frameworks.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I .aiwg/
Project artifacts directory created by AIWG commands.
.TP
.I .claude/agents/
Agent definitions for Claude Code (default provider).
.TP
.I WARP.md
Project context file for Warp Terminal provider.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B AIWG_ROOT
Override the AIWG installation directory.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/jmagly/aiwg/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Joseph Magly <https://github.com/jmagly>
.SH SEE ALSO
Full documentation: https://aiwg.io
.PP
GitHub: https://github.com/jmagly/aiwg
.PP
Discord: https://discord.gg/BuAusFMxdA
